hey guys it's sean with broscience
bodybuilding and today i'm going to show
you guys what my typical breakfast looks
like probably about ninety percent of
the days this is what i eat for
breakfast as you guys saw this morning i
did my second cardio session of the week
and about 30 to 45 minutes later that's
when I would eat my first my first meal
today so check out the ingredients here
I've got some spinach that's about a
quarter of a serving their about 25
grams I'm going to dice up two ounces of
bell pepper about two ounces of onion
here half a tomato and then we've got a
pretty nasty like an avocado that's
going to cut this with a plastic knife
this morning so looks kind of messed up
and then some low-fat Swiss cheese for
eggs I used egg whites to keep the fat
content a little low when I'm cutting
and then I also use these morning star
patties vegetarian but the macros on
these things are amazing in boxes kind
of falling apart here but if you check
out the nutrition facts there it's got
about I used two patties it's got about
80 calories per patty only three grams
of carbs and 10 grams of protein so I'm
reading 20 grams of protein just from
that alone so really great stuff there
so I'll just cut the stuff up real quick
show you how I prepare it with the
veggies I like to just quickly sauté
them a little bit in olive oil just to
give them a little bit of taste I also
throw in some sweet basil and some fresh
some ground black pepper as well and
I've done this so many times over the
last year so that I don't even need to
really measure this stuff out anymore
guys I've
like I said it about ninety percent of
my breakfast ninety percent of time this
is my breakfast meal in a black pepper
and I've got some sweet basil here i'm
going to add to it this stuff really
gives a good flavor guys so you want to
try it with a sweet basil highly
recommend it really gives it a unique
taste a little bit of olive oil there
and I'm not going to cook this too much
I just just a couple minutes just to
bring the flavor of the vegetables out
and wow that's doing its thing right
there I'm going to get my eggs ready so
like I said I typically do the egg
whites while i'm in a cutting phase and
i like to use real eggs here after I'm
experimented with the substitute and it
just for me it just doesn't cut it
doesn't taste the same although if you
guys do go with the whole leg the yolk
does have a lot of good nutrients and
good fats and stuff like that in it so
you guys like the the egg yellows you
can always leave one in there I've just
got accustomed to not having it in there
so I'll get my get my fat from the
avocados and almonds and stuff like that
so cut up the spinach add that right
into the bowl and this thing actually
comes out it's got so many ingredients
in it it actually comes out looking more
full of eggs with what with a meatloaf
type of meal and I throw the sausage
patties right here on the side get those
start cooking and the veggies are just
about ready and I just thought the
sausage patties cook enough to where
thought out enough for me to cut them up
and throw them into eggs alright so we
just give this little whisk with a fork
just to kind of get it mixed up a smells
great already smell the basil and the
flavors of the veggies really coming out
there for my cheese guys like i said i
use a low-fat swiss cheese we just
picked this up from costco i typically
only use about half a slice i find it's
enough for me it's a pretty low fat
content i think this cheese one slice
only four and a half grams of fat not
too bad so the sausage patties are ready
they're cooked enough to where I can
usually cut much of the small pieces
here once those are cut up I just simply
add it to the rest of mixture and like i
said i have so many ingredients in here
and only four egg whites so it's just a
really thick comes out to really thick
loafie type of a meal here so once the
game just kind of mix those up and i'll
show you guys all the macros i'll post
all the macros on the screen here
towards the end of the video so it's
ready to go i quickly clean the pan out
and it's heated up ready to go here so i
just have some some just generic olive
oil nonstick coating their cousin spray
spray some let the pan throw the mixture
right in there
I kind of spread out is very thick and
we're just going to let that cook while
that's cooking I can do some cleanup
about five minutes on each side the eggs
cook fairly fast everything else in
there is ready to go so we'll let that
cook and clean clean up some of this
mess here alright guys so the omelet was
cooked on one side I just flipped it
over and just split it in half and
flipped it that way it's a little bit
easier the cheese I'm just tearing it up
and I just I turn it up with my hands
here just put it in random places try to
cover at least half of it because I'm
gonna flip this other half or just
simply pick up the other half and put it
right on top just like that as you can
see it comes out to be a really thick
over here but it's loaded with protein
all kinds of good micro nutrients from
the spinach and the veggies in there a
little bit of fat not too much so the
almost done here like I said it comes
out pretty thick so I just top this off
of the avocado that we cut up earlier
like I said I put some ketchup on top of
it Oh up a little bit of hot sauce and
if you guys want to add some some more
carbs to it a piece of toast whole wheat
oats or something like that makes for a
really good meal so macros will be
posted on the screen here and you guys
should try this out hope you enjoyed the
video thanks